"Versionless" -> "Release Tracks" (#6471)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/blog/2024-05-22-latest-dbt-stability-improvement-innovation.md

Reviewer: Should we delete this?

Author: The whole blog post? I strongly disagree; this is still an important resource for folks to share. See [internal slack thread](https://dbt-labs.slack.com/archives/C06V62247K5/p1731534550830419) for related conversation

Reviewer 2: Agree the blog post should not be deleted.

---

> title: "How we're making sure you can confidently go \"Latest\" in dbt Cloud"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
title: "How we're making sure you can confidently switch to \"Latest\" in dbt Cloud"
```

However, this came at a cost. While bumping a project's dbt version *appeared* as simple as selecting from a dropdown, there was real effort required to test the compatibility of the new version against existing projects, package dependencies, and adapters. On the other hand, putting this off meant foregoing access to new features and bug fixes in dbt.

> But no more. Today, we're ready to announce the general availability of a new option in dbt Cloud: [**the "Latest" release track.**](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-versions/cloud-release-tracks)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
But no more. Today, we're ready to announce the general availability of a new option in dbt Cloud: [**the "Latest" release track.**](/docs/dbt-versions/cloud-release-tracks)
```

<!--truncate-->

For customers, this means less maintenance overhead, faster access to bug fixes and features, and more time to focus on what matters most: building trusted data products. This will be our stable foundation for improvement and innovation in dbt Cloud. 

> But we wanted to go a step beyond just making this option available to you. In this blog post, we aim to shed a little light on the extensive work we've done to ensure that using "Latest" is a stable, reliable experience for the thousands of customers who rely daily on dbt Cloud.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
But we wanted to go a step beyond by making this option available to you. In this blog post, we aim to shed a little light on the extensive work we've done to ensure that using "Latest" is a stable and, reliable experience for the thousands of customers who rely daily on dbt Cloud.
```

## How we safely deploy dbt upgrades to Cloud

We've put in place a rigorous, best-in-class suite of tests and control mechanisms to ensure that all changes to dbt under the hood are fully vetted before they're deployed to customers of dbt Cloud.

> This pipeline has in fact been in place since January! It's how we've already been shipping continuous changes to the hundreds of customers who've selected "Latest" while it's been in Beta and Preview. In that time, this process has enabled us to prevent multiple regressions before they were rolled out to any customers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This pipeline has in fact been in place since January! It shows how we've been shipping continuous changes to the hundreds of customers who've selected "Latest" while it's been in Beta and Preview. In that time, this process has enabled us to prevent multiple regressions before they were rolled out to any customers.
```

:::

> The outcome of this process is that, when you select "Latest" in dbt Cloud, the time between an improvement being made to dbt Core and you *safely* getting access to it in your projects is a matter of days — rather than months of waiting for the next dbt Core release, on top of any additional time it may have taken to actually carry out the upgrade.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The outcome of this process significant. When you select "Latest" in dbt Cloud, you gain faster access to improvements in dbt Core and safely getting access to it in your projects in a matter of days. As a opposed to waiting months for the next dbt Core release, on top of any additional time it may have taken to actually carry out the upgrade.
```

> We’re pleased to say that, at the time of writing (May 2, 2025), since the beta launch of the "Latest" release track in dbt Cloud in March, **we have not had any functional regressions reach customers**, while we’ve also been shipping multiple improvements to dbt functionality every day. This is a foundation that we aim to build on for the foreseeable future.

Reviewer 4: @jtcohen6 did we mean 2024, not 2025?

> (May 2, 2025)

Reviewer 2: 100% even with chatgpt, we cannot write in the future!

Reviewer 2: 100% even with chatgpt, we cannot write in the future!

> We’re pleased to say that, at the time of writing (May 2, 2025), since the beta launch of the "Latest" release track in dbt Cloud in March, **we have not had any functional regressions reach customers**, while we’ve also been shipping multiple improvements to dbt functionality every day. This is a foundation that we aim to build on for the foreseeable future.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
We’re pleased to say that, at the time of writing (May 2, 2024), since the beta launch of the "Latest" release track in dbt Cloud in March, **we have not had any functional regressions reach customers**, while we’ve also been shipping multiple improvements to dbt functionality every day. This is a foundation that we aim to build on for the foreseeable future.
```
